Added data policy for the ios library (#2737)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/info/fragments/native_common/data-information/common.md

> Apple App Store require the developer to provide the data usage policy of the app when they submit the app to the store. Given below are the different categories identified by Apple and the corresponding data type used by the Amplify library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple requires app developers to provide the data usage policy of the app when they submit their app to the App Store. Below are the different categories identified by Apple and the corresponding data type used by the Amplify library.
```
